in this video you're going to learn how
to use Facebook ads to grow your brand
in a way that actually works in fact
I've used this strategy to generate over
60,000 likes for my Facebook page and
build a nine thousand person community
outside of Facebook both of which
generate thousands of leads and sells my
business every year I'm Ben Heath the
founder and CEO of leaker which is a
london-based
digital marketing agency and today I'm
going to walk you through the process
that I used to build that following and
grow my brand step by step keep watching
[Music]
when I first started my digital
marketing agency I found it really
difficult to get new clients which was
quite embarrassing because I was trying
to sell digital marketing services
I knew that Facebook would be a great
place for me to find new clients but I
was going about it the wrong way
I tried directly advertising my services
to complete strangers which did not work
I even gave away free consulting
sessions in the hope that people would
then use my services which barely worked
and at the time I couldn't work out why
my Facebook ad campaigns weren't working
I already understood the Facebook
advertising platform because I had run
successful Facebook advertising
campaigns at my previous jump and I knew
that if the digital marketers I follow
used as like mine they would generate
tons of clients and then it hit me the
reason why those ads would work for the
digital marketers that I followed but
weren't working for me is because they
had a following and I didn't I consumed
their content on a regular basis and so
did thousands of other people and that
meant that every time they promoted
their products or services on Facebook
they had a queue of people that were
ready and willing to buy and pay really
high prices so I switched nearly all of
my facebook advertising efforts to
building my brand instead of looking to
directly acquire new customers and
that's when everything started to change
for my business the truth is if you can
build a strong brand and a loyal
following everything else in your
business will become so much easier and
Facebook is the perfect platform to grow
your brand now I should warn you you
will need to invest some time and a bit
of money up front but I can tell you the
potential rewards are enormous since
those early days I have learned how to
use Facebook
to build my brand and I've refined my
strategy into a three-stage process I
call this three-step process the CBR
method and now it's time to walk you
through the steps c stands for content
and creating epic content is step one in
the CPR method think about the people
that are well-known in your industry
most of them would have become
well-known because they have created
really high quality content but here's
the thing just because you're creating
content on a regular basis doesn't mean
your brand will grow mediocre content
will not grow your brand only epic
content will fortunately creating epic
content is not as hard as you think the
first thing you need to do is decide
whether you're going to entertain or
educate with your content this will of
course depend on your business and the
industry it is it for most service based
businesses I think it makes more sense
to educate because as a service provider
you know things that your target market
would like to know and that's exactly
what I'm doing here with this video for
most product based businesses on the
other hand it makes more sense to
entertain just think of all the
companies that have built their brands
with entertaining TV ads you can do
exactly the same with Facebook one of
the best examples on I've seen of this
is Donna beard Club
check out their videos on YouTube to see
how they use entertaining videos to sell
their beard products really well
obviously you can create epic content in
a number of different mediums but for
Facebook video is my favorite because
people can consume my videos right there
on the platform they don't need to leave
Facebook and in my experience the key to
creating truly high quality content is
to spend a lot of time on it and I mean
a lot of time it takes at least 20 hours
of total work for me to create a really
high quality 10-minute video now I know
everyone is busy and you couldn't commit
that much time to creating content on a
weekly or even a monthly basis and
that's okay if spending more time on
your content means that you produce less
content that's absolutely fine it's much
better to produce 60 pieces of content a
year that are outstanding than 50 pieces
that are mediocre let's move on to step
number two B which stands for brand
awareness campaigns
just because you produce epic content
doesn't mean people are going to see it
organic traffic on Facebook is no longer
a thing there are just too many
advertisers one would Facebook put your
content in someone's Facebook newsfeed
all free when someone will pay to put
their content there so if you want
people to see your content on Facebook
you're going to have to advertise it and
because Facebook is the greatest online
advertising platform ever created they
have a campaign type that's specifically
designed for that purpose it's called a
brand awareness campaign brand awareness
campaigns are designed to help
advertisers find people that are most
likely to recall their ads and that's
exactly what you're looking for
you want people to recall your content
and your brand because people that
remember your epic content are going to
pay close attention when you release new
pieces of content and when you promote
your products and services with your
brand awareness campaigns I think it's
best to start by identifying a few
targeting options that are closely
related to your products and services
and consistently promoting content to
those people for our clients I will
often take 10 to 20 percent of their
total budget and dedicate that to these
cold audience brand awareness campaigns
but in order for someone to become a fan
of yours they will need to consume
multiple pieces of content with brand
awareness consistency really is key
which means you should also create brand
awareness campaigns that target warmer
audiences I found the best one audiences
to target with your brand awareness
campaigns our website custom audiences
and page engagement custom audiences how
much money you spend on these warm
audience brand awareness campaigns
depends on how large your custom
audiences are if you're just getting
started then these custom audiences will
be small and you'll have to use a small
budget however if you already have a
large following then you should spend a
much larger proportion of your total
budget on these warm audience brand
awareness campaigns and to help you
craft highly effective Facebook ads I've
created a five-part Facebook ad template
that you can download right now for free
this Facebook ad template includes some
of the best performing ads we've created
for our clients in a number of different
industries and it will show you exactly
how to create Facebook ads just head
over to lead guru code at UK and you can
download it there for free let's move on
to the third and final step in the CPR
method which is repeat this step could
not be more simple but it's such an
important part of using Facebook ads to
grow your brand that I had to give it
its own step the sea beyond ethic will
massively reduce the time it's
for you to grow your brand but even so
you cannot grow a large brand in a
couple of weeks it does take a few
months for you to really see the
benefits of your brand awareness
campaigns and the longer you use the CBR
method the more of an effect it will
have a year from now it'll be making a
much bigger difference to your business
than in three months time and in three
to five years time you could be
astounded at the size of your following
and the massive impact that has on your
business because of that it's really
important that you keep repeating steps
1 & 2 keep creating epic content even if
you can't do so very often and keep
those brand awareness campaigns running
even if it's only with a tiny budget if
you liked this video make sure you
subscribe to my youtube channel right
now just click on the subscribe button
also if you want to know how to create a
specific online sales funnel for your
business I've recently created a free
mini class called four steps to a
perfect online sales funnel you can
watch it right now
for free by heading over to Ben Heath
marketing.com now I want to turn it over
to you are you going to create
educational or entertaining content for
your brand awareness campaigns let me
know by leaving a comment below right
now
you